## Instructions

**1. Run the [Gradle Keystore Plugin](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/io.forgo.keystoreplugin):**

`./gradlew jks`

```
.keystore/
    - debug.crt
    - debug.key
    - logingov_keystore.jks
    - keystore.pkcs12
```

**2. Review configuration:**

Note the `ext` block of the `build.gradle` contains variables used to populate some configuration. This is accomplished via the `processResources` task which expands any project properties into the `application.yml`.

For the purposes of demonstation, you shouldn't need to change any values here (possibly `clientId`, see step #3). Once you better understand these variables, you may decide to change them for your use case:

- `clientId`: a unique identifier for your application, published to Login.gov
- `allowedOrigin`: specify the origin that you want to allow cross-domain requests from
- `loginSuccessRedirect`: specify the URL the user will be redirected to after a successful login
- `logoutSuccessRedirect`: specify the URL the user will be redirected to after a successful logout

- `keystoreOutputDir`: output directory of the keystore gradle plugin
- `keystoreFile`: filename of the JKS keystore generated by the keystore gradle plugin
- `keystoreAlias`: alias tied to the key of the generated keystore
- `keystorePassword`: the password used to generate the keystore


<br/>**3. Review Login.gov OpenID documentation:**

To better understand the specification which drove this project, refer to the [OpenID Developer Guide](https://developers.login.gov/oidc/) provided by Login.gov.


<br/>**4. Publish test app on the [Login.gov Dashboard](https://dashboard.int.identitysandbox.gov/):**

If you have developer access,register your own test app and ensure your configuration is in sync before running the application. You'll want to configure the following on the dashboard:

- **Identity protocol**: "Openid connect"
- **Issuer**: "urn:gov:gsa:openidconnect.profiles:sp:sso:_\<your organization\>_:_\<your app name\>_"

  - The issuer should match the `clientId` gradle build variable, assigned here in your Spring config:
`spring.security.oauth2.client.registration.logingov.client-id: ${clientId}`


- **Public key**: Copy the contents of `.keystore/debug.crt` from the `jks` task. Don't run the `jks` task again after setting this on the dashboard; otherwise, your development key (used to sign the _client\_assertion_ JWT in the token request) will not match up with the public cert published to login.gov .
- **Redirect URIs**:
  - `http://localhost:8080/authorize/oauth2/code/logingov`
  - `http://localhost:8080/login/oauth2/code/logingov`
- **Attribute bundle**: If you are leveraging LOA1 context (only need a UUID and email), make sure you only check `email` from this list.

**NOTE:** The value "logingov" as the `<registrationId>` of our Spring Security autoconfiguration is arbitrary. If you really need to change this, change it in the `application.yml` and also the constant `LOGIN_GOV_REGISTRATION_ID` in the `LoginGovConstants` file. Your `Redirect URIs` registered on your login.gov test app will also need to reflect this change, as those paths are generated from a template.


<br/>**5. Run the application:**

`./gradlew bootrun`

`https://localhost:8080`
